# The Root LicenseThis is the GitHub repository for the Root License. The License, and more information about how to use it, will be included here.## What is the Root License?The Root License is an open source license which protects your rights over derivative works. It grants the same permission to end users as the MIT license, but includes one more clause, protecting your rights over works based on your "Root" work.## Why use the Root License?Suppose that you've made a great effort, work tirelessly for weeks to create a great tool. You are kind, and decided to release the tool under the MIT license. However, because you know you deserve a good cup of coffee, you decided to add a few convenience, closed source features and distribute your own premium builds.  Now, imagine that one day, when you're enjoying your daily coffee, some guy forked your code, then add a few functions to your app. The code and idea is simple, but the usefulness is not. That crooked coder, brainwashed by the FSF, decided to release the app under the GPLv3.  Now, the public loves the other guy's application. Even though lacking support and premium features, his app's download count grew exponentially. And your daily profits from your own app halves every day. You want to incorporate the few breaking changes into your app, but cannot, unless you give up your code to the wrath of the FSF.  Using the Root License, you may freely sublicense the other coder's work under a more liberal license, and also release your own commercial builds. It's fair, right, as if your work didn't exist, the other guy might not have something to base his work on.  This idea is actually based on the [DBAD license](https://dbad-license.org/). As the author said:> If you become rich through modifications, related works/services, or supporting the original work, share the love. Only a dick would make loads off this work and not buy the original work's creator(s) a pint.## ProblemsThe Root License is nowhere near perfect. If there are any problems, any ambiguities within the text, please inform me by opening an Issue on my repo.